README.md, before:

# Front End Web Developer Assessment

Using the data provided in this repo, you will be creating two **responsive** and interactive assets using **HTML, CSS, and JavaScript**.

## Part 1: Map
Create a map of the United States of America using **data-states.csv**. Each state should be shaded or colored according to the "Percent of Population" column. 

Additionally, when a user hovers states, a tooltip should appear displaying information from the columns "State", "Percent of Population", "Median Household Income" and "Percent of Income".

#### Example
![Example Map](/example-map.png)

## Part 2: Chart
Create two side-by-side pie charts using **data-gender-age.csv**. Each chart should represent the two age groups found in the "Age" column. Each pie chart division should be based on the "Preparedness" column while the value for each division should be the "Percent Value" column.

Include two buttons, labeled "Women" and "Men", above the interactive that toggle the displayed gender data with "Women" set as the default dataset. 

#### Example
![Example Chart](/example-chart.png)

## Submitting Your Code
When you're ready to submit your assessment, send a pull request from your repository.


**This assessment is to measure applicants’ understanding of data visualization. No candidate files will be used for production purposes.**

Commit message:

readme update for libraries and creativity

README.md, after:

# Front End Web Developer Assessment

Using the data provided in this repo, you will be creating two **responsive** and interactive assets using **HTML, CSS, and JavaScript**. Feel free to use any CSS or JS libraries to complete the assessment. Don’t be afraid to flex your creativity to make the interactives visually impressive. 

## Part 1: Map
Create a map of the United States of America using **data-states.csv**. Each state should be shaded or colored according to the "Percent of Population" column. 

Additionally, when a user hovers states, a tooltip should appear displaying information from the columns "State", "Percent of Population", "Median Household Income" and "Percent of Income".

#### Example
![Example Map](/example-map.png)

## Part 2: Chart
Create two side-by-side pie charts using **data-gender-age.csv**. Each chart should represent the two age groups found in the "Age" column. Each pie chart division should be based on the "Preparedness" column while the value for each division should be the "Percent Value" column.

Include two buttons, labeled "Women" and "Men", above the interactive that toggle the displayed gender data with "Women" set as the default dataset. 

#### Example
![Example Chart](/example-chart.png)

## Submitting Your Code
When you're ready to submit your assessment, send a pull request from your repository.


**This assessment is to measure applicants’ understanding of data visualization. No candidate files will be used for production purposes.**
